Now, I'm a givin' you kisses one, kisses one,
I'm a givin' you kisses one, kisses one,
I'm a givin' you kisses one, And it feels like so much fun
That'll just keep a kissin' on and kissin' on.

Now, you're givin' me kisses two kisses two!
And, you're givin' me kisses two kisses two!
Honey I'm a givin' you kisses two;
I'll not stop till I get through!
And we'll just keep a kissin' on, and a kissin' on!

Now, I'm a givin' you kisses three, kisses three!
And, I'm a givin' you kisses three, kisses three!
I'm a givin' you kisses three;
Makes me feel so brave and free,
That I'll just keep a kissin' on and a kissin' on!

Now, I'm a givin' you kisses four, kisses four!
And, I'm a givin' you kisses four, kisses four!
While I'm a givin' you kisses four,
Makes me crave for more and more,
So, I'll just keep a kissin' on and a kissin' on!

Now, I'm a givin' you kisses five and kisses five!
Yes, I'm givin' you kisses five and kisses five!
Kisses five and kisses five
Makes me glad that I'm alive,
So, let's both keep on a kissin' on and a kissin' on!

Now, I'm a givin' you kisses six and kisses six!
Hey, I'm a givin' you kisses six and kisses six!
Six times and six times six;
I love the way your kisses mix;
And so, I'll just keep a kissin' on and a kissin' on!

Now, you're givin' me kisses seven and kisses seven!
Sugar, you're givin' me kisses seven and kisses seven!
Seventy seven and 'leven times 'leven;
I've gotta new address in heaven!
Long's you just keep a kissin' on and a kissin' on!

Now, I'm kissin' you kisses eight and kisses eight!
Yes, you're a kissin' me kisses eight and kisses eight!
Don't care if it's a getting' late;
Don't stop. don't quit, don't hezzytate;
Gotta, gotta, gotta keep a kissin' on and a kissin' on!

Now, we're slidin' on a kisses nine and kisses nine,
Yes, we're glidin' on a kisses nine and kisses nine!
I feel so good and I feel so fine!
Like a monkey climbin' up a kissin' vine!
Kiss, kiss, kissy, kissy kissin' on and a kissin' on!

Now, I'm a givin' you kisses ten and a kisses ten!
And, you're a givin' me kisses ten and a kisses ten!
Kissa' round the moon, and round the sun;
Kissa 'round this whole wide world again;
Kiss, kiss, kissy kiss, kissin' on and a kissin' on!



