A lot of people ask me, I bet you'd like to know,
How do brand new babies get into this house? I'd like to know
You know I got the same question:
Where do the little babies come from anyway?
I really want to know the answer to that question!

I guess the flowers bring some, the trees bring some
The birds bring some and the cars bring some
I guess everything else got to bring some too
Sometimes the trains bring some, the New Baby Train

I guess the little babies come along 'bout any way they can
Cars, trucks, tractors, airplanes, any way they can come along
But here's the way they might come on a train: New Baby Train

Yeah, new baby train
New baby train
New baby train

Here's the way it sounds when it's standin' still
Waitin' for that conductor to start up
All the little babies are lookin' out the window
Wonderin' which house they're gonna get off at, you know.

I said, "Hey, Mister Conductor, I'm sittin' here waitin',
Uh, how long do I have to wait?
I sure wanna go, I wanna go, I sure do wanna go
I sure do wanna go on the new baby train."

And the conductor says, "O.K., go ahead now"
So the train starts up kinda slow
Blowin' the whistle, lettin' out that steam
Yeah, you know it sounds kinda like this:

I wanna go faster, I wanna go faster, I wanna go faster, I wanna go faster.

O.K., ain't no trains on this track
This baby train's got all the track to itself
So you can go just as fast as you want to
Over a big high mountain
Way up to the clouds and back down again
Through the sky and everywhere else
Let the babies off at their homes.
We goin' up the mountain, baby

Hey, let all the babies off at their homes,
I said let all the babies off at their homes
Yeah, yeah

Well, a lot of people ask me
I bet you'd like to know
How do brand new babies
Get into the house
I'd like to know
Yeah, it's that new baby train
Yeah, new baby train, yeah new baby train
Aw, bye bye
We're gonna let all the babies off at their homes

You know, boy, I tell you
All the families are gonna be happy
Mom and Dad are gonna love it
Whoa, look out, don't go too fast.

Oh, come on now
Stoke that fire up,
Need a new head of steam
Bye, bye, baby, have a nice life
Oh, that new baby train!

